Okay so when the last video we moved down to the latest Office section of the website and in this video
we're going to be completing the shop online section.
Now the shop online section is a relatively straightforward section.
We're going to use a similar level to head in and divider as we have done in the last two sections.
We're going to add a button which is going to be a link to a shop here section and it's also going to
be a large background image.
I via the success.
So over in the text editor.
When I started the index page and create a new section.
So where a paste a comment just below the letters office section.
So this is called the shop online section.
This has a section targ with an idee of shop online.
And then the usual bootstrap container and row div would a class of container.
Then would it in the container we have the ROW.
And will copy the hedin and divide a section from the last section so it will copy the six column section.
And paste up would in our own row.
So the level 2 heading is the shop online text.
And the image we need to change to be the purple image.
Because on a white background.
So just below the divider the A and hatrack if he's gonna be blank for now.
The class is going to be the bootstrap Button class.
So Beatty an.
B.t. and default.
And then the role it's going to be equal to but.
Name a closer link off another the shopping text.
Let's take a look at the browser.
Says go ahead in divider and also the button default now can easily make the button appear in the centre
of the page just by adding a boost from class so to the container just after the number of columns were
in a deep blue stripe class of text centre.
Now pushes the button into the middle of the diff.
That's all the hate mail we need to add for this section.
We'll just close off some of the divs weird comments.
This one is the clauson Row.
Then the final console.
Okay.
So next we need to go into the custom see assess and add the styling for the button default and also
add the large buckram image.
Just like the final website.
So over to the custom C S S.
So let your style with the sun.
So because we're going to be using the button later on in the cos we're going to add it to the global
section at the top.
So when added just underneath the image.
So the class was beating in default.
And let's override the defog bootstrap values which some volar own.
So first of all the background colour of the button will not be the blue colour which is a free nine
free C.
And will other border.
Free pixels border solid.
And the colours are going to be easy EF 0 EF 1.
And a 5 pixel border radius.
And then some puffins make the one a little bit bigger.
Fifteen pixels on the top and bottom and first on the left and right.
And the tech school is gonna be white.
Let's take a look.
So the bundes looking good.
We just need to add the hover state.
So if we go back into the earth and default and then hover.
The jonesey buck runkel.
To be 9 7 6 8 9 see.
So when we hover over the ball and we've got the same purple colour as the background.
So naana to go back and create a shop online section.
The copy of the comments just above the mobile style in again.
We call this the shop online section.
So let's start with the background image.
So the section had an idea of shop online.
I'm I can change the background by adding background.
And then you are real.
And then in brackets we can add the file off.
So dot dot to go back to the home directory fold slash images and then the images we want is product.
JP.
Or not to be in the centre.
And lastly no repeat.
So as it stands that image is in place but it's only taken up to the same height as the content that's
already in place so we can change our by adding the minimum height.
I will said that minimum height to be the same height of the image which is 852 pixels.
And then it changes the text colour of the shop online head in.
So the colour is going to have the value of foreknown for six for six.
And then finally just to separate the button from the divider will add some margin to the top.
So the shop online idae.
Then the button default.
Let's push the button down by adding some margin on the top.
All 25 pixels.
And let's see how it looks in the browser.
Okay there we go the buttons now pushed on from the divider.
So that's the end of the video.
Thanks for watching.
And if you join me in the next video we'll finish off the bootstrap home page by Add in the footer.